title: Blahblah
date: 2015-03-22 22:11:30
tags:
- nonsense
categories:
- life
---

### Fudge

**I retract those naive bias, there are a lot who have been striving for
  themselves, but they might just don't know a better way.**

~~It's been the internship recruiting period recently. I reached one of my
alumni who's working in Alibaba, and got some opportunities for recommendation.~~

~~Then I shared this with my classmates and did my best to clarify the
details. But out of my expectation, very few had showed their interests, most
fellows I expected haven't responded a bit. What I felt is plain disappointment.~~

~~This knocked me up once again, the environment here is just noxious. Teachers
normally feed shit to students, and the students are satisfied with eating it
or living in it. Few have ever thought about finding other food by themselves.~~

~~The classes are meaningless, as only the grades matter, and good grades are only
a matter of few nights; the laboratories are meaningless, as we can always copy
others' works and pass. We don't compete for who is the most hardworking
one, but who has spent least time on preparing examinations, who lives the most
casual life. Everybody dreams about a fantasy about himself, but few has
the courage to carry out the actions.~~

~~Study is just a sideline here, and striving is merely a joke.~~

~~Sometimes, the opportunities are there, but few dare to grasp it, and among
those who dares few are prepared for it. What's more pathetic is that they are
even getting used to this.~~

~~It's my f*king university, where people let themselves fall without any
actions.~~ Though it's the most beautiful place I've ever been and where I
met the most beautiful girl, I'd better be off.

Sorry about spreading out the negativity.
