title: "GSoC 2015: Week1"
date: 2015-05-30 11:24:05
tags:
- GSoC2015
- Weekly-Blog
categories:
- GSoC2015
---

The first week has passed with not too many troubles, and I hope that this could last for the whole summer. :)

Though having pressure to deal with school works as well, I still managed to deliver some simple work. It's [ID-105](https://issues.openmrs.org/browse/ID-105) that concerns about creating and synchronizing the OpenMRS-ID with Talk's account system.

Well, originally I thought this would be a simple task that only costs a few hours. However, it's not that easy. From my work log, I can recall that I've spent one and a half day to get the testing environment set up. The Discourse has a paucity of documentation, like many start-up opensource projects, and it's also a Ruby on Rails project, which is a technique I'm totally unfamiliar with. And after setting up the environment, I then used a day to mess around with its API, which turns out to be inappropriate. :/ So exhausted I am, I decided to use the brutal-force way, which is to imitate user's login behaviour as SSO will handle the sync automatically.

Right before I deliver my PR, Robby notified me about the newly added PR convention of OpenMRS listed [here](http://en.flossmanuals.net/openmrs-developers-guide/development-process/). The guide suggests us to use `git rebase` to squash all commits into one and then make the PR. That's indeed very thoughtful idea. It's a pity that I only know this now. And then I wrote another script for syncing current accounts.

Anyway to sum up briefly:

##What I Have Done
* Added an auto-sync hook for TALK.
* Wrote a script to import current accouts.

Actually...... It's not so much that I have done. Sorry, used a few days to get familiar to development again.
