title: GSoC 2015 Week10
date: 2015-08-01 23:08:21
tags:
- GSoC2015
- Weekly-Blog
categories:
- GSoC2015
---

This is just another week about bug-fixing and html template convertion, same trivial stuff like usual.

I was mainly working on getting `OAuth` module updated, during which I found out that I've made a bunch of big mistakes last year and my code wasn't deployed... It took a lot of time for me to review the OAuth2 protocol and the packages we were using. I kind of just rewrote what Elliott had written in another superficially different style without thorough understanding of the tools and protocol I was using that time, and hence bugs were left. It was all the fault of laziness and should be prevented in future.

Anyway, the logic has been rewrittened with more careful examination and a functional test, which utilizes `request` to imitate HTTP requests and `cheerio` to manipulate HTML document in server side, has been added.


####A Severe Potential Bug
While I was doing the testing, I found out a potential danger of `Mongoose` searching. Usaully we do searching like `Model.find(conditions)` where `conditions` is a `Object` containing (key: value) pairs that we want our documents to match. However, if some value is `undefined`, that pair will be ignored. 

A very bad example:

I want to search `{foo: bar}`, however, as `bar` is `undefined` it turns into `Model.find({})`, which will return every existing document of that collection.


What a terrible thing! You can't be careful enough to do the DB querys, and I'm filtering the Dashboard now. There is better none of this potential vulnerabilities.
