title: "GSoC 2015 Week7"
date: 2015-07-13 01:06:42
tags:
- GSoC2015
- Weekly-Blog
categories:
- GSoC2015
---

Although the plans were usually fancy, reality is not sometimes. We were planning to embrace the Keystone.js in this year's GSoC. It is me that proposed this as I've found out that Keystone.js is very easy for a quick development of Node.js centered project and made a small experiment in this[repo](https://github.com/Plypy/fairy), and later found out that Keystone.js isn't that fantastic as it first looks like. Like many open source project, it's still in a very early stage and not suited for certain scenerios. 

In my experiments, I doubted once that the Keysone.js maybe have done too much on the Data level, where Keystone.js tried to wrap Mongoose to extend its functionlity, like providing pre-defined tags types and other things up on the top level of development, but hasn't provided good documents. That time I thought that it's not a big deal, just some small faults. But later in the development of Dashboard, through few days massing up I find that it's even hard to define a Array of String, which hasn't presented until very recent. 

The wrap it has done for Mongoose, in my opion, instead of extending it, but limited its flexibility. I really think that it has violated a principle, tools should be used as it should be. Mongoose is designed for flexible and stable data modeling, and focusing on it solely. But for now, if I want to use a custom data type in my model, I have to hope that Keystone has already provided it or patch this kind of type myown. It's obviously not a good idea, IMHO, a good extension should work along with original tools not covering it.

Anyways, we've abandoned Keystone's DB solution officially. However, its folder structure is still worthy of referring.


Above was all the big talk of the project. For works in detail: I've been working on updating the project entirely, and now on EJS to Jade with other view level transformation.